Introduce cross-cluster replication API docs (#34726)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/apis/auto-follow/get-auto-follow-pattern.asciidoc

==== Request

//////////////////////////

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT /_ccr/auto_follow/my_auto_follow_pattern
{
  "leader_cluster" : "leader_cluster",
  "leader_index_patterns" :
  [
    "leader_index*"
  ],
  "follow_index_pattern" : "{{leader_index}}-follower"
}
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:leader_cluster]
// TESTSETUP

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
DELETE /_ccr/auto_follow/my_auto_follow_pattern
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST
// TEARDOWN

//////////////////////////

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /_ccr/auto_follow/
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE

Here, all auto-follow patterns will be returned.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /_ccr/auto_follow/<auto_follow_pattern_name>
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST[s/<auto_follow_pattern_name>/my_auto_follow_pattern/]

Here, the named auto-follow pattern collection specified by
`<auto_follow_pattern_name>` will be returned.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

==== Path Parameters

`auto_follow_pattern_name` ::
  (string) Specifies the auto-follow patterns that you want to retrieve. If you do not specify any patterns, the API returns information for all patterns. 

```

==== Example

> The following is an example of using the get auto-follow pattern API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example retrieves information about an auto-follow pattern named `my_auto_follow_pattern`:
```
